[Music]
today I have just one request please
don't tell me I'm normal now I'd like to
introduce you to my brothers Romi is 22
a tall very handsome he's speechless but
he communicates joy in a way that some
of the best auditors cannot read he
knows what love is he shares it
unconditionally and he shares it
regardless he's not greedy he doesn't
see skin color he doesn't care about
religious differences and get this he
has never told a lie when he sings songs
from my childhood attempting words that
not even I could remember he reminds me
of one thing how little we know about
the mind and how wonderful the unknown
must be samuel is 16 he's tall he's very
handsome he has the most impeccable
memory he has a selected one though he
doesn't remember if he stole my
chocolate bar but he remembers the year
of release for every song on my ipod
conversations we had when he was four
weighing on my arm on the first ever
episode of Teletubbies and Lady Gaga's
birthday don't they sound incredible but
most people don't agree and in fact
because their minds don't fit into
society's version of normal
they often bypassed and misunderstood
but what lifted my heart and
strengthened my soul was that even
though this was the case although they
were not seen as ordinary this could
only mean one thing
but they were extraordinary autistic and
extraordinary now for you who may be
less familiar with the term autism it's
a complex brain disorder that affects
social communication learning and
sometimes physical
but skills in manifests in each
individual differently hence why Remi is
so different from Sam and across the
world
every 20 minutes one new person is
diagnosed with autism and although it's
one of the fastest-growing developmental
disorders in the world there is no known
cause or cure and I cannot remember the
first moment I encountered autism but I
cannot recall a day without it
I was just three years old when my
brother came along and I'm so excited
that I had a new being in my life and
after a few months went by I realized
that he was different he screamed a lot
he didn't want to play like the other
babies did and in fact he didn't seem
very interested in me whatsoever
when we lived and reigned in his own
world with his own rules and pleasure
and the smallest things like lining up
cars around the room staring at the
washing machine and eating anything that
came in between and as he grew older he
grew more different and the differences
became more obvious yet beyond the
Tantrums and the frustration and the
never-ending a hyperactivity was
something really unique a pure and
innocent nature a boy who saw the world
without prejudice a human who had never
lied extraordinary now I cannot deny
that there had been some challenging
moments in my family moments where I
wish that they were just like me but I
cast my mind back to the things that
they've taught me about individuality
and communication and love and I realize
that these are things that I wouldn't
want to change with normality normality
overlooks the beauty that differences
give us and the fact that we are
different doesn't mean that one of us is
wrong it just means that there's a
different kind of right if I could
communicate just one thing to Remmy
enter Sam and to you
it would be that you don't have to be
normal you can be extraordinary because
autistic or not the differences that we
have we've got a gift everyone's got a
gift inside of us and in all honesty the
pursuit of normality is the ultimate
sacrifice of potential the chance for
greatness for progress and for change
dies the moment we try to be like
someone else please don't tell me I'm
normal thank you